https://wilyglobal.com/

WILY | A marketing technology company
Brand Logo
About us
How it works
Solutions
Case studies
Resources
Book a Demo
Activate Your Audience.
Securely.

Book a Demo
MY TOP PRIORITY RIGHT NOW IS...

Consumer & Audience Engagement
Deliver digital experiences that delight and engage your audience.


Contests, Promotions,
& Loyalty Campaigns

Reward your audience with incentives, offers, and experiences that foster brand advocates and grow consumer lifetime value.


Experiential
Marketing Tools

Drive meaningful in-person or hybrid interactions by leveraging data, channels, and digital experiences.


Sponsorship
Activation

Connect with fans on and in-between game day wherever they’re cheering.


Custom Digital Experiences
& Enterprise Solutions

Solve your pain point, bring your idea to life, and reach your business goals — no matter how complex or ambitious they might be.


Secure Data Acquisition, Attribution, & Activation
Enhance consumer relationships through more relevant, contextual, personalized experiences and communications.

Book a Demo
Enterprise Marketing Middleware
Enterprise Marketing Middleware
Improve marketing activations with trusted tactical digital solutions that scale easily on the secure SPRY platform

Reduce cost and operational risk, streamline deployment, and delight consumers to spur growth

Bolt-on SPRY to existing internal and external systems and technologies and connect your enterprise to ensure secure collaboration that delivers execution excellence

Rapidly and seamlessly deploy marketing activation programs while maintaining strict security, compliance, and data handling controls

Deliver innovative brand experiences to consumers and generate value for stakeholders

Unlock seamless data flow and source attribution across channels with standalone or enterprise integrated solutions

SPRY FEATURES

Security & Compliance
SPRY is AICPA SOC 2 Type II certified and follows NIST and ISO 27001 frameworks, enabling you to activate your marketing program with built-in cyber security, regulatory and privacy controls compliance.


Enterprise Integration
Integrate with your enterprise to enable secure data transport and source attribution across channels, while rapidly deploying programs within new and existing properties with ease.


Engagement Mechanics
Enable your marketing ideas with an array of prebuilt or custom engagement and gamification mechanics and communication features.


Digital Rewards
Deliver realtime digital rewards – eGift cards, coupons, and promo codes – to build brand affinity and market share.


Messaging
Communicate with your audience before, during, and after your program with fast, reliable, and measured email and text messaging.


Live Reporting
View realtime program activity and results with your online campaign dashboard.

Book a Demo
ABOUT US
WILY is a leading marketing technology company that specializes in the enablement of consumer engagement solutions for brands and agencies.
Fortune 1000 companies and leading marketing agencies have partnered with WILY to enable their marketing strategies, improve executional efficiencies, and enhance operational capabilities. WILY empowers marketing leaders, IT professionals, and enterprise stakeholders with innovative solutions to activate smarter and easier. The company’s background in data, security, technology, and consumer engagement form the foundation for its SPRY platform which powers each solution.

WILY is a leading marketing technology company that specializes in the enablement of consumer engagement solutions
The SPRY platform operates as enterprise marketing middleware and bolts-on to existing internal and external systems and technologies to enable the seamless and secure deployment of marketing activation programs. SPRY enables the delivery of innovative consumer and audience engagements; contests, promotions, and loyalty campaigns; experiential marketing initiatives; custom digital experiences & enterprise solutions; and the secure acquisition, attribution, and activation of consumer data at scale.

ORGANIZATIONS THAT ARE REIMAGINING MARKETING

Book a Demo
wily logo
@ 2026 Wily Global Inc.

Privacy Policy

Blog

SPRY

Case Studies

Resources

Contact Us






Avatar
Have a question? Ask here