https://www.capillarytech.com/


Capillary: Recognized as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® 2025    Read more >

Invite for RFP/RFI


Products















Consulting
Industries

Customers
Resources
Investors
About Us
Contact Us



Capillary Technologies
Recognised as a
Leader in The
Forrester Wave™ :
Loyalty Platforms,
Q4 2025
Access Report








Managed SaaS Loyalty Solutions
Loyalty program design and technology platform for enterprise brands

1.9 Bn+

Loyalty Members

415+

Brands

100+

Loyalty Programs

1.95 Bn+

Annual Transactions

99.99%

System
Uptime

60%

Improved Customer
Retention

50%

Increased Customer
Satisfaction

Loyalty Management
That Boosts Revenue

Increase Customer Retention
Encourage repeat business, and boost your customer relationships with personalized loyalty programs

Learn More about Loyalty+



Personalized Omnichannel Communication
Build relationships at every interaction and hyper-personalize your customer engagement

Learn More about Engage+

Advanced Reporting Analytics
Drive profitable loyalty programs through platform-generated reports and insights

Learn More about Insights+



Consumer Data Platform
Increase program efficiency at scale through a robust member data platform

Learn More about CDP+

Extensive Rewards Network
Identify, source, and catalog thousands of intelligence-based offers to delight customers

Learn More about Rewards+

Industry Expertise
Market leaders across verticals
choose the Capillary Loyalty Platform







Groups &
Conglomerates
Bring operational efficiency across large conglomerates with multi-brand loyalty management. Deliver personalized engagement across the brands with our unified loyalty platform.

Know More


Hospitality
Attract your best guests, know them better, and deliver the best experience possible. Stay memorable with loyalty solutions built for hospitality.

Know More


Retail
Enhance your retail engagement with a seamless omnichannel loyalty management platform. Create value accurately for your customers while incentivizing sales.

Know More


Food &
Beverage
Create brand choice, build stickiness, and actively engage with your unique community through our loyalty platform. Consistently deliver to the customers who love and follow you most.

Know More

RECOGNITION & AWARDS
Impacting the world through the power of innovation

The Forrester Wave™ :
Loyalty Platforms, Q4 2025

Read More


Leader in SPARK Matrix™:
Customer Loyalty Solutions, 2025

Read More


Everest Group’s Loyalty Platforms
PEAK Matrix® Assessment, 2025

Read More

View All Recognitions
DATA & SECURITY
Data Security, Compliance, Governance, and Data Privacy

Customer Data
is our topmost priority
Data security and privacy is absolutely critical in today's digital age. Capillary's focus on compliance and adherence to guidelines will give you confidence about safeguarding your customer data.

Learn More
Marketers Trust Capillary Globally










 Today’s shoppers are spending more time browsing and buying online with the flexibility to shop anytime-anywhere. With Capillary, ASICS has been able to successfully build and expand omnichannel solutions across Southeast Asia to seamlessly connect and engage with our customers no matter where they are. This is just the first step in our journey, and we look forward to continuing this partnership to keep innovating on how we uplift our customers’ experience. 


Yogesh Gandhi

MD, ASICS Asia

PARTNERSHIP
Creating ideas and partnering
collaborations that help us give you the best
Capillary’s Alliance program focuses on identifying, managing and nurturing relationships with a network of global and regional strategic partners. The program offers a wide range of benefits, recognitions and rewards to our partners to ensure our mutual success. The partnership approach aligns go-to-market initiatives across partners to deliver superlative value to customers.

Know More
CAREERS
Celebrate People. Celebrate Work.
We believe it's people all
the way
At Capillary, we celebrate our people’s vision, passion, success, growth and hope. We truly appreciate even the smallest things that our people do and celebrate them every single day at work.

Our values
Make Customers Successful
Be Audacious
Be Accountable
Deliver Excellence
One Capillary
View Job Openings
Contact Us
Get the best loyalty &
customer engagement
platform out there!
Design industry shaping loyalty programs
Integrate easily and go live quicker
Deliver hyper-personalized consumer experiences
Request A Call

PRODUCTS

Loyalty+
Engage+
Insights+
CDP+
Rewards+
Agentic Al Co-pilot
INDUSTRIES

CPG/ FMCG
Conglomerates
Fuel Retail
Airline
Hospitality
Retail
RESOURCES

Blogs draft
Events
Guides
Whitepapers
Masterclasses
Loyalty TV Episodes
ABOUT US

Our Story
Leadership
Press Room
Analyst Recognitions
Careers
Investor Relations
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER



©2012-2026 Capillary Technologies India Limited. All rights reserved. Information Security & Governance | Privacy Policy - Services | Capillary MSA | Cookie Policy - Products | aira - T&C | Vendor Code Of Conduct

