https://www.lob.com/

🗓️ 9/15 @ 10 AM PT | State of Direct Mail: Consumer Insights 2026 Webinar

Register

Lob Logo
Pricing
Contact
Login
Get started for free
Book a demo
Want to send at the speed of digital? It takes more than software.
Lob is the only direct mail platform with Postal IQ advanced routing, printing and delivery infrastructure, bringing predictability to postage costs and getting your mail to its destination faster and more securely.

Book a demo
Get started for free
Animated image of Lob's Print Network

2026 Delivery Platform of the Year

SupplyTech Breakthrough Awards

2026 Marketing Automation Platform of the Year

MarTech Breakthrough Awards
Trusted by 12,000+ companies for all things direct mail – from building to routing to fulfillment.

Included Health Company Logo

For teams managing complex direct mail at scale
Lob combines advanced campaign tools, award-winning APIs, Postal IQ routing, and our nationwide Print Delivery Network. Together, they speed up delivery while giving you the features and visibility you need – from campaign to mailbox.

Take a tour
Lob logo white
Direct Mail Delivery Engine

Build

Dashboards & API's

Build Dashboards with Lob API's
Route

Postal IQ

Lob Postal IQ
FulFill

Print Delivery Network

Production and Tracking with Lob's Print Delivery Network
Postal Iq

Deliver fast – and hit your goals
Lob’s Postal IQ routing intelligence chooses the most efficient USPS entry point for every mailpiece, helping your mail reach mailboxes quickly and cost-effectively by working in step with USPS operations.

Discover Postal IQ
Postal IQ Image

120 Water Logo
We can have a mail piece printed and in the mail stream within two or three days – that’s a massive differentiator. That speed is critical for helping our customers meet compliance.

– Abby Warner, Chief Experience Officer

Read the case study
PRINT DELIVERY NETWORK

Scale campaigns with local production
Our nationwide Print Delivery Network produces mail near its final destination. This reduces transit time, stabilizes costs for high-volume campaigns, and ensures consistent, high-quality output at scale.

Discover Print + Delivery
DATA-DRIVEN MAIL

Personalize, target, and track every send
We make your direct mail fully data-driven, letting you segment and personalize campaigns in your dashboard or from your favorite outreach tools – and track every send from production to delivery.

Discover Create + Personalize
Branch Logo
How Branch improved retention 25% with automated direct mail

Read the case study
One partner – from campaign to mailbox
Lob is the only platform that unites campaign tools, easy APIs, and full operational support – managing everything from building and routing to printing and delivery.

Discover our award-winning APIs
Industry-leading direct mail compliance
Meet regulatory requirements for your industry and avoid costly violations with security practices that support HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA/CPRA, and more.

Learn more about Security at Lob
Compliance Logos List
What's new at Lob
In The News

Direct mail finds its place in healthcare marketing

External Link arrow
Press Release

Lob Report Shows Direct Mail Breaks Through Digital Noise

External Link arrow
Blog

Direct mail API solutions: how healthcare and finance companies scale securely

Read more
Mail that's high volume and high quality? Absolutely.
G2 Badge Highest user adoption Fall 2025G2 Badge Fastest implementation Fall 2025G2 Badge Best Est. ROI Fall 2025G2 Badge Easiest to do business with Fall 2025
Get Started Now
Blue Hero Form Status Bar Image
Product
Address Verification
Print Delivery Network
Product Tour
Create + Personalize
Postal IQ
Production Tracking
Sustainable Mail
Product Updates
Security
Pricing
Solutions
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance
Retail + Ecommerce
SaaS
In-House Operations
Agencies and Consultants
In-House Marketing
Operations Service Providers
Resources
Guides + Ebooks
Case Studies
Blog
Events & Webinars
Template Gallery
Direct Mail Fundamentals
Newsroom
State of Direct Mail
Direct Mail FAQs
Developers
Quickstart Guides
API Documentation
SDK and Tools
Support
Help Center
Premium Support
Contact Us
API Status
Privacy
Terms of Service
Company
About Us
Careers
Partner With Us
Become a Partner
Lob Logo (PNG)
The Direct Mail Delivery Engine

Linkedin Icon
YouTube icon


© 2026 Lob   |  Terms and Conditions  |  Request Metrics  |  Privacy Policy  |  Modern Slavery Act Statement  |  Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

REGISTER: State of Direct Mail
Consumer Insights Webinar