Spectrm is primarily known as an AI-powered conversational marketing and chatbot platform founded in 2016, though it also refers to a private equity intelligence tool. If you meant the US telecommunications provider, see Spectrum.Core Offerings & ContextsConversational Marketing Platform: Historically built chatbot and messaging automation tools for channels like Facebook Messenger, Instagram, and WhatsApp. (Acquired by European WhatsApp automation provider Charles in early 2025 to boost generative AI capabilities).Private Equity Intelligence: Operates an AI origination platform (spectrm.co.uk) that helps investment and equity firms research sectors and verify target companies.If you'd like to narrow this down, please let me know if you are looking for:The conversational marketing software / chatbot featuresThe private equity research platformCharter Communications (Spectrum) internet and TV services

https://www.linkedin.com/company/spectrm

Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Top Content
People
Learning
Jobs
Games
Sign in
Join now
Spectrm’s cover photo
Spectrm
Spectrm
Software Development
Berlin, Berlin  3,042 followers
Spectrm empowers brands to automate one to one conversations with customers in real-time on search, social and display.
Follow
  
Discover all 13 employees


About us
Make messaging your #1 CRM channel to build lifelong customer relationships. Spectrm is the conversational marketing platform that powers many of the world's leading chatbots. From disruptors to Fortune 100 companies, teams rely on Spectrm’s platform, conversational AI and customer success to design experiences for their customers. The era of chatbot hype is over. Personalizing customer experience at scale in 1:1 conversations is a reality. The future of commerce is conversational and the opportunities are limitless. Our mission is to give you superpowers to build a bot that your customers love. Think of Spectrm as mission control for launching your brand into the conversational marketing stratosphere. Our approach is simple. Great tech makes it possible. Great humans make it successful. Conversational marketing is a new frontier. Unlock its full potential by combining your creativity with our powerful marketing technology and experienced human touch. We empower you with all the tools you need to crush your marketing goals. With dedicated customer success that supports you with best practices every step of the way. Brands all over the world trust Spectrm to have better conversations with their customers. Want to build customer relationships that convert at scale with and launch a chatbot you’re proud of? Get in touch.

Website
https://spectrm.io 
Industry
Software Development
Company size
51-200 employees
Headquarters
Berlin, Berlin
Type
Privately Held
Founded
2016
Specialties
Conversational Marketing, Chatbots, Facebook Messenger, Social Marketing, Personalization, Customer Experience, Messaging, Performance Marketing, Enterprise Software, Google Business Messages, Conversational Display Ads, Instagram Messaging, WhatsApp Business, Marketing Automation, Zero Party Data, and First Party Data
Locations
Primary
Ohlauer Str. 43

Berlin, Berlin 10999, DE

Get directions
199 Water St

New York, NY 10038, US

Get directions
Employees at Spectrm
Click here to view Sever Totia’s profile
Sever Totia
Click here to view Stefanos Papadakis’ profile
Stefanos Papadakis
Click here to view Darian Belser’s profile
Darian Belser
Click here to view Maria Perez’s profile
Maria Perez
See all employees
Similar pages

charles
Software Development


Pixaera
Software Development


ElevenLabs
Research Services


TextYess
Software Development

Milano, Italy

Show more similar pages 
Browse jobs
Engineer jobs
555,845 open jobs
Graduate jobs
361,130 open jobs
Principal Scientist jobs
11,010 open jobs
Packaging Engineer jobs
10,417 open jobs
Solutions Architect jobs
100,488 open jobs
Business Development Representative jobs
52,084 open jobs
Machine Learning Engineer jobs
148,937 open jobs
Lead jobs
1,965,194 open jobs
Head of Sales jobs
12,761 open jobs
Analyst jobs
694,057 open jobs
Show more jobs like this 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Agree & Join LinkedIn

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

