https://veloxy.io/

Skip to content
2X Salesforce Data Quality & Win Rate in 3 Months.

Sign Up with Salesforce
new-veloxy-
Features
Solutions
Resources




Get a Demo




Pricing


Free Trial
sign in
AI-Powered Field Sales Productivity

The Best Field Sales Software for
Salesforce Users.
When Salesforce fits your team, performance scales fast.
Veloxy is the only platform built exclusively for field reps who live in Salesforce. Automate CRM updates, optimize sales routes, prioritize leads with AI-driven insights, and eliminate busywork—so your team can focus on selling, not software.

Start a Free Trial
Request a Demo
Salesforce AppExchange rating
happy veloxy and salesforce user
Work Smarter, Not Harder
Veloxy is a complete sales software solution that simplifies your teams’ daily work and puts them in control. Let them access all their essential business activities and info, like tasks, calendars, contacts, notes, and reports, in one seamlessly integrated single app.

Read More
veloxy field sales software for iphone



Some of our Customers & Accolades
wex logo, black
van wagner logo
tommy hilfiger logo
G2 top 50 sales products award 2022 badge





Designed by Sales Professionals,

For Sales Professionals
Veloxy was meticulously crafted by top field sales professionals to enhance sales team productivity. By consolidating their daily workflow into one user-friendly interface, Veloxy frees up time so your sales reps can devote more attention to every customer – putting their focus where it belongs.

With Veloxy, you quickly:

Optimize the sales process with just a few taps

Enable access to everything needed for a productive day

Help your teams engage with customers more effectively

Provide insights to improve performance over time

Access Information From Anywhere
One of the biggest challenges for busy sales professionals is the fragmentation of tools across different apps and desktop programs.

Your sales reps probably use different apps for calendars, tasks, contacts, notes, reports, and other information.

This means they have to spend a lot of time and effort bouncing between various apps to get their work done.

veloxy field sales software for iphone
sales managers reviewing revenue and market share reporting
Key Tools in a Single App
Veloxy changes all that by integrating the most important tools into a single app. With Veloxy, the calendar, tasks, contacts, notes, and sales reports become accessible from a central hub.

What’s more, because Veloxy is a mobile app, your sales reps can access all their essential business tools, whether they’re at a desk or on the go. No more being stuck without access to important customer information or reports just because they aren’t at a computer.

sales rep juggling too many sales tools
a sales team experiencing improved productivity
Veloxy Helps Your Teams Succeed
With Veloxy, your business is accessible with just a few taps on a phone or mobile device. Streamlining essential business tools into one seamless experience, Veloxy saves your reps time and boosts their efficiency. 

No more chaos—just simplicity and efficiency from a single source. The outcome? A sales team focused solely on your customers, providing higher quality service.

Optimize the Sales Process on the Go
With Veloxy, optimizing the sales process has never been easier. Key features like dynamically populated task lists, automated workflows, and detailed contact profiles ensure the sales process runs like a well-oiled machine:

Customizable Contact Profiles at a Glance
A single tap brings up a customer’s entire 360° profile – past interactions, opportunities, EVERYTHING, all in one view. Customizable fields ensure your teams have the correct data for EVERY conversation. Enhance sales efficiency and personalize engagement on-the-go with Veloxy. 

Learn More
buyer signals on an iPhone
Task Lists That Adapt to the Day
Veloxy’s intelligent task manager adapts to the daily to-do list based on the calendar, upcoming calls, meetings, and past activities. Tasks are automatically generated for follow-ups, next steps with prospects and clients, and campaigns. Your team will never miss an important task again!

Learn More
screen shots of veloxy guided selling
Automated Workflows Save Time
Veloxy’s automated processes help simplify complex sales workflows that would require many manual steps. Everything is taken care of based on the activities in your sales pipeline. That means less time is wasted on repetitive tasks and more spent on revenue-generating activities.

Learn More
Salesforce and Inbox Integration with Veloxy
Customizable Contact Profiles at a Glance
A single tap brings up a customer’s entire 360° profile – past interactions, opportunities, EVERYTHING, all in one view. Customizable fields ensure your teams have the correct data for EVERY conversation. Enhance sales efficiency and personalize engagement on-the-go with Veloxy. 

Learn More
buyer signals on an iPhone
Task Lists That Adapt to the Day
Veloxy’s intelligent task manager adapts to the daily to-do list based on the calendar, upcoming calls, meetings, and past activities. Tasks are automatically generated for follow-ups, next steps with prospects and clients, and campaigns. Your team will never miss an important task again!

Learn More
screen shots of veloxy guided selling
Make Every Day Productive
Once all the tools and sales workflows are set up in Veloxy, getting your sales teams ready for a profitable day is simple. A few quick taps in Veloxy are all it takes:

Check the Task List and Review the Calendar
Scan Important Contacts and Skim the Inbox
Check Yesterday's Metrics
Better Engage Customers
Tailored Interactions Drive Success
Consistent Follow-Through Is Key
Data-Driven Insights Guide Strategy
Check the Task List and Review the Calendar
Your sales reps can see what’s planned for the day based on the calendar. Veloxy shows them the priority tasks for client meetings or follow-ups so they start the day with a clear purpose and defined aims.

They can see scheduled calls, meetings, and to-dos in one calendar view – and, if needed, make adjustments on the go.

Succeed as a Team, Together
While optimizing productivity is invaluable, Veloxy shines when it’s used to empower your teams to take your business to the next level. Its key features unlock unprecedented visibility and collaboration at scale, including:

new veloxy logo
photo of veloxy mobile field sales app
Full Workflow Transparency and Activity Reports
Veloxy’s sales intelligence gives managers real-time views of reps’ tasks, calls, notes, and pipelines. Custom dashboards show metrics like demos booked, opportunities won or lost, emails sent, and more. Full transparency across teams helps benchmark performance and identify strengths and weaknesses. 

Streamlined Process Management and Collaborative CRM
Veloxy ensures consistent best practices across teams through custom workflows, auto-assigned tasks, and standardized processes managed from the central hub. Shared opportunity records, client profiles, and notes nurture natural teamwork. Isolated spreadsheets and overlapping efforts become a thing of the past.

On-Demand Coaching
Join calls, review emails, and provide guidance through Veloxy. Remote coaching keeps teams focused, wherever they are. Veloxy connects your sales organization, boosting visibility, process optimization, and collaboration, ensuring your teams exceed goals and quotas.

Start Streamlining Your Business Today
Are you ready to liberate your sales teams from disjointed tools and empower them to engage customers more effectively? Veloxy puts your business on the fast track to maximum productivity, streamlined processes, better collaboration, and breakout business success.

Launch your free trial today to experience the Veloxy difference without commitment. You’ll immediately see how much time and money Veloxy saves by integrating all your critical sales workflows into one seamless system.

Go ahead and get started, risk-free.

Get a Free, No-Obligation Trial
sales team streamlining their workflow
Enterprise-Class Implementation and Support
After implementing Veloxy, many clients consistently report breakthrough results across key metrics:

An increase in new contacts through streamlined prospecting

More deals closed per quarter with optimized sales processes

Increased rep productivity by removing redundant tasks

Shortened sales cycles with real-time tracking

Revenue growth year-on-year with optimized sales efforts

With Veloxy providing the workflow efficiency, sales intelligence, and connectivity needed, your teams will be well on the way to reaching their full potential.

 

Enterprise-Class Implementation and Support
For our enterprise clients, we go above and beyond to ensure a smooth onboarding and optimized ongoing experience. Our dedicated Enterprise Success team provides:

Customized
Customized Implementation
We conduct discovery calls to understand your unique workflow needs. Then, our implementation experts will configure Veloxy precisely to your requirements with customized fields, forms, permissions and more.

Migration
Training


Support

Salesforce Integration
While Veloxy is a powerful standalone solution, it can also integrate tightly with the Salesforce CRM platform many of our customers already rely on.

Synced Contact and Account Data
Contacts, accounts, deals, and activities are automatically synced between Veloxy and Salesforce, via Velxoy’s real-time bidirectional API integration. That means no more duplicate or out-of-date records.

Associated Emails and Tasks
Prospecting emails sent from Veloxy are logged as activities in Salesforce. Follow-up tasks in Veloxy trigger reminders in Salesforce, too, offering complete end-to-end visibility.

Automated Prospecting
Veloxy uses predefined prospecting workflows to send nurture sequences from Salesforce automatically. Qualified leads are scored through lead prioritization and moved to the pipeline.

Dynamic Lead Generation
AI-assisted lead capture forms in Veloxy populate Salesforce on form submittal. Dynamic routing assigns new leads to reps.

Centralized Pipeline Management
Sales teams manage opportunities more easily in Veloxy, updating key fields and monitoring pipeline health with a few clicks. Veloxy and Salesforce are fully synced for end-to-end visibility and management.

Stay Compliant With Integrated Tools
Veloxy provides built-in email marketing tools and safeguards that comply with global regulations like CAN-SPAM, CASL, and GDPR for email communications:

Address Validation and Template Approval
Contact list addresses are validated on upload and periodically to remove invalid or false emails. By making compliance features core to the platform, Veloxy empowers your marketing teams to achieve their outreach goals safely without burdening them with complex consent, list, or legal issues.

Learn More
Consent Management and Unsubscribe Linking
The platform tracks customer communication preferences and consent histories to ensure only those individuals and businesses who opt in are contacted. Marketing emails are sent with visible, functional unsubscribe links as CAN-SPAM and CASL require.

Learn More
Veloxy Lite Inbox Extension for Gmail and Outlook
Just imagine how much more revenue your sales teams would generate if they could manage the pipeline, customer engagement, opportunities, and calendar right from their inboxes. With Veloxy Lite, they can!

Learn More


Do Your Team a Favor

Try Veloxy!
Ready to see how our sales software could drive 200% more revenue from your sales team? Schedule a free demo today.

Book a Demo
4.8

500+ Online Reviews

icon for salesforce appexchange badge
badge-sales

We make your life easier so you can make revenue faster.

support@veloxy.io
8031 Oak Creek Drive, Pleasanton, CA, 94588
AVAILABLE ON
Salesforce AppExchange
Microsoft AppSource
Google Chrome Web Store
Google Play
Apple App Store
PRODUCTS
Mobile App
Inbox Extension
Email Tracking
Email Analytics
Personalization
CAPABILITIES
All Capabilities
Sales Enablement
Sales Productivity
Salesforce Adoption
Sales Engagement
RESOURCES
Sales Resources
Blog
Ebooks
Case Studies
Knowledge Base
PRICING
Free Trial
Veloxy Pricing
Onboarding
STRATEGIES
All Strategies
Field Sales
Inside Sales
Sales Management
CONTACT
About
Contact Us
Demo
Best Sales Products 2022
Veloxy is a leader in Enterprise Field Sales on G2
Veloxy is a leader in Mid-Market Email Tracking on G2
Veloxy is a leader in Field Sales on G2
Veloxy is a leader in Enterprise AI Sales Assistant on G2
Users love Veloxy on G2
Veloxy Reviews
© 2021 Veloxy IO. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Security
Facebook-f
 Twitter
 Linkedin-in
 Youtube

