https://www.amazingmail.com/

AMI Logo
Get StartedEDDMNEW DesignsProductsServicesResourcesAPI
SIGN UP
 
MY ACCOUNT
Direct Mail, Done Right
Postcards, Brochures & Letters

Printed, Addressed and Mailed,

Next Business Day

Start Now
Select a Product
Design Your Own
Upload your artwork or create a design from scratch.

Browse Designs
Select From a Library
Browse our selection of customizable designs.

Learn More
Saturate with EDDM®
Distribute your message to local neighborhoods.

Automated Direct Mail
Integrate with our API
Learn More 
Consult With A Specialist
Get answers to all your direct mail questions.
Request a Quote 
From start to finish, our direct mail service does it all.
Free Premade Designs
Customize a variety of royalty-free designs with our card sending service. Select from hundreds of creative mailer design templates for any occasion or create your own.

Postal Protect℠ Coating
Mail with confidence knowing our direct mailer printing service's Postal Protect℠ process will ensure your products are delivered in the best condition possible.

Printing, Addressing & Mailing
With Amazingmail, you can send marketing mailers and cards online by mail! Our direct mail marketing service will print, address, stamp, and mail your cards with durable Postal Protect℠ coating and postage included.

Next Business Day
Have a last minute order? Our same day mail service will print and mail the next business day, whether you’re sending postcards online individually or by the thousands.

What customers are saying:
"With Amazingmail, you can go from concept, to design, to mailing...in under a day!"
esurance_V2
Ready to start seeing results?
Request a quote or give us a call at (888)-681-1214 and one of our direct mail experts can get you started.
Company
About
Company & History
Legal
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Resources
Sitemap
XML Sitemap
Get Exclusive Offers
Your Email
  
Postal Protect (SM) is a registered Service Mark with the U.S. Patent Office. The USPS Corporate Signature, logos, and marks are trademarks of the United States Postal Service and are used with permission. Amazing Mail is an independent provider of print and mail services that is an authorized affiliate of the United States Postal Service under license. The Postal Service assumes no liability for the results of any contact with Amazing Mail.


© 2026 Amazing Mail®, Inc. All rights reserved. U.S. Patent No. 6,732,152

