https://www.gartner.com/reviews/product/beaconsmind


Search products or categories
Categories

Application Development
Artificial Intelligence
Cloud Computing
Customer Relationship Management
Data and Analytics
Education
Enterprise Networking and Communications
Finance
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Human Resources
IT Infrastructure and IoT
IT Security
Legal
Manufacturing
Marketing
Productivity and Collaboration
Public Sector and Government
Retail
Sales
Supply Chain Management
Utilities
Browse All Categories
Application Development
Observability Platforms
Integrated Development Environment (IDE) Software
Business Orchestration and Automation Technologies
AI-Augmented Software Testing Tools (Transitioning to Agentic Software Quality Assurance Platforms)
Integration Platform as a Service
API Management
Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms (Transitioning to AI-Augmented Low-Code Application Platforms)
DevOps Platforms (Transitioning to DevSecOps Platforms)
Enterprise Architecture Tools
Robotic Process Automation
Enterprise Agile Planning Tools
Business Process Automation Tools
Code Review Tools
Custom Software Development Services
Digital Adoption Platforms
Developer Productivity Insight Platforms
Public Cloud IT Transformation Services (Transitioning to Public Cloud Optimization and Transformation Services)
Application Platforms (Transitioning to Cloud-Native Application Protection Platforms)
Game Engine Software
API Generation Software
AI Agents for Application Developers
Feature Management
Application Crowdtesting Services
Application Integration Platforms
Virtual Reality Development Software
Application Testing Services, Worldwide (Transitioning to Quality Engineering Services)
Prototyping Software
AI-Augmented Code Modernization Tools
Mobile App Analytics
Green Software Engineering
AI Agent Development Platforms
API and MCP Testing Tools
Enterprise Vibe Coding Platforms
Digital Twin of an Organization Platforms
Test Data Management
Application Composition Platform (Retired)
Application Development Life Cycle Management (Transitioning to DevOps Platforms)
Event Brokers
Domain Registrars
BPM-Platform-Based Case Management Frameworks
Independent Third-Party Software Support of Megavendors
Product Roadmapping Tools for Software Engineering
Website Builders
Application Portfolio Management Tools
Multiexperience Development Platforms (Retired)
Cloud Development Environments (Transitioning to Agentic Development Sandbox Platforms)
Performance Testing Tools
B2B Gateway Software
Internal Developer Portals
Microsoft 365 Implementation and Support Services
Mobile Development Frameworks
Microsoft Product Support Services
SAP S/4HANA Application Services, Worldwide (Transitioning to Cloud ERP Services)
SAP SuccessFactors Service Providers (Transitioning to Cloud ERP Services)
AI Product Management Platforms
Oracle Cloud Application Services, Worldwide (Transitioning to Cloud ERP Services)
Value Stream Management Platforms
Blockchain Consulting and Proof-of-Concept Development Services (Retired)
Citizen Application Development Platforms
Mobile Application Testing Services
SAP Application Services, Worldwide
SAP Selective Test Data Management Tools (Retired)
Business-Outcome-Driven Enterprise Architecture Consulting (Retired)
Rapid Mobile App Development Tools
Service Mesh
Augmented Reality Development Software
Blockchain as a Service
Mobile Application Management (Transitioning to Endpoint Management Tools)
Mobile Back-End Services
Oracle Application Services, Worldwide (Transitioning to Cloud ERP Services)
R&D Outsourcing Providers (Retired)
View More
For Vendors

Log In to Vendor Portal 

Get Started 

Write a Review

Join / Sign In
Logo of Beaconsmind
Beaconsmind
by
Beaconsmind
in
Location Based Marketing Software
4.0

(1 Rating)

Compare
Write a Review
Download PDF
Overview
About Company
Key Insights
Top Alternatives
Reviews and Ratings (1)
Overview
Product Information on Beaconsmind

Updated 13th October 2025
What is Beaconsmind?
Beaconsmind is a software that enables businesses to enhance their retail operations by integrating location-based marketing solutions with point of sale systems. The software provides retailers with tools to send targeted offers and information to customers based on in-store movements, analyze customer behavior, and derive actionable insights from collected data. Businesses can use the software to increase engagement, tailor marketing strategies, and optimize in-store experiences. Beaconsmind addresses challenges related to connecting offline and online channels by delivering personalized communication and improving customer interaction within physical retail spaces. The software supports the implementation of proximity marketing and supports analytics for business decision-making.
Read More
Overall experience with Beaconsmind

Strategic Account Manager
50M - 250M USD, Services (non-Government)
FAVORABLE
“Leveraging Push Notifications for Enhanced In-store Experiences”
4.0
Nov 15, 2024
This text serves as a placeholder and does not reflect the user’s review responses or opinions. This text serves as a placeholder and does not reflect the user’s review responses or opinions. This text serves as a placeholder and does not reflect the user’s review responses or opinions.
Read Full Review
There are no reviews in this category.
CRITICAL
Read All Reviews
About Company
Company Description

Updated 6th March 2025
Switzerland-based beaconsmind Group, established in 2015, specializes in location-based marketing (LBM) software, WiFi infrastructure systems and Guest Hotspots. With a primary focus on areas like retail chains, hospitality, healthcare, and the public sector, beaconsmind Suite and Beacon technology form the core of their solutions. They aim to bridge offline marketing with online and mobile initiatives to stimulate retail activity and foster loyalty. Solution customization is prioritized to meet specific needs, ensuring a strong understanding of distinctive requirements. Besides, data security and comprehensive data analysis are integral to their service delivery. They utilize intelligent, cloud-based technologies to provide innovative and secure business solutions.

Company Details

Updated 28th October 2024
Company type
Public
Year Founded
2015
Head office location
Stäfa, Switzerland
Number of employees
11 - 50
Website
http://www.beaconsmind.com
Do You Manage Peer Insights at Beaconsmind?

Access Vendor Portal to update and manage your profile.

Manage Your Profile
Key Insights
A Snapshot of What Matters - Based on Validated User Reviews
Reviewer Insights for: Beaconsmind
Join for Free
Performance of Beaconsmind Across Market Features
Join for Free
Beaconsmind Likes & Dislikes
Like
We used this in one of our grocery stores and the push notifications and insight to engage with the customer was powerful. Again, capturing that in store experience rather than post or pre engagement was important for us.

Read Full Review
Like
We used this in one of our grocery stores and the push notifications and insight to engage with the customer was powerful. Again, capturing that in store experience rather than post or pre engagement was important for us.

Read Full Review
Like
We used this in one of our grocery stores and the push notifications and insight to engage with the customer was powerful. Again, capturing that in store experience rather than post or pre engagement was important for us.

Read Full Review
Join for Free
Top Beaconsmind Alternatives
Logo of Marketing Cloud
1. Marketing Cloud
4.5
(10 Ratings)
Compare
Logo of CleverTap
2. CleverTap
4.4
(7 Ratings)
Compare
Logo of Cisco Spaces
3. Cisco Spaces
4.7
(3 Ratings)
Compare
View All Alternatives
Beaconsmind Reviews and Ratings
4.0
(1 Rating)

Rating Distribution
5 Star
0%
4 Star
100%
3 Star
0%
2 Star
0%
1 Star
0%
Why ratings and reviews count differ?

Strategic Account Manager
50M-1B USD
Services (non-Government)
Review Source

Leveraging Push Notifications for Enhanced In-store Experiences
4.0
Nov 15, 2024
In our digital era of where we research companies and places we shop at, customer reviews and online feedback is critical. Taking it a step further, how do you meet these customers to walk them through that experience to make a difference?
Read Full Review
Strategic Account Manager
50M-1B USD
Services (non-Government)
Review Source

Leveraging Push Notifications for Enhanced In-store Experiences
4.0
Nov 15, 2024
In our digital era of where we research companies and places we shop at, customer reviews and online feedback is critical. Taking it a step further, how do you meet these customers to walk them through that experience to make a difference?
Read Full Review
Read All 1 Reviews
Get unlimited access to verified peer reviews and insights

Read unlimited Gartner-vetted product reviews
View and share valuable product insights
Download full product profiles
Review products you use today
Join for Free
Log In
Powered by Google TranslateThis service may contain translations provided by Google. Google disclaims all warranties related to the translations, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, reliability, and any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. Gartner's use of this provider is for operational purposes and does not constitute an endorsement of its products or services.
Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

This site is protected by hCaptcha and its Privacy Policy and Terms of Use apply.

Software reviews and ratings for EMMS, BI, CRM, MDM, analytics, security and other platforms - Peer Insights by Gartner

Community Guidelines
Listing Guidelines
Browse Vendors
Rules of Engagement
FAQs
Privacy
Terms of Use
©2026 Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates.

All rights reserved.

We use cookies to improve your experience
We use cookies to deliver the best possible experience on our website. To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, or closing this box, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Notice.
Accept