https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/conferencing/Cisco_WebEx_Marketing_Automation.pdf

Marketing Automation Services
Build a powerful marketing engine with WebEx
Quickly get the marketing results you need
Rely on Cisco WebEx to deliver a complete online marketing solution. Create and manage all
your program activities from an easy to use dashboard. Build and grow a powerful prospect and
customer database that will drive all of your marketing activities and accelerate your business.
The success of your online marketing engine has three key components; conversational online
events that engage prospects prospects and drive sales, an integrated integrated
management system that allows for quick changes, and the
expert guidance to realize your marketing goals.
WebEx Marketing Automation:  Create and manage
marketing programs in real time
Marketing Automation Example:
Lead Source Tracking
Manage all of your marketing programs and promotion activities
more effectively.  Get the most from your marketing programs
and online events with email tracking, campaign management,
lead source tracking, lead nurturing and more.
WebEx Event Center:  Have  more interactive conversations
Futureama Subscribers
Google Adwords Campaign
Newsletter Subscribers
Partner: Actomatic Interiors, Inc.
Website Visitors
Everything Else
with your prospects
Give everyone in your geographically‐dispersed audience a
front‐row seat.  Stage online events with all the power and
punch of in‐person productions—at far less cost. Capture your
attendees’ attention by sharing documents, presentations, and
applications in real time. And record it all for later playback.
yg
Dedicated Services Team
Consulting: Rely on industry experts to guide you
Maximize your results with a complete managed service. Take
advantage of the experience of Cisco WebEx experts to bring
your marketing plans to a new level.  Tap into the skills we’ve
developed delivering thousands of worldwide programs and
events. Our experts experts will share best practices practices that boost your
competitive advantage.  
Page: 1
Marketing Automation Services
Key Component Description
Make data driven decisions and get results by combining the power of Cisco WebEx Event Center
and Marketing Automation with expert guidance from Advanced Services marketing consultants.  
Marketing
Automation
List management
Bring in prospect data from variety of sources and cleanse automatically. Segment
based on any attribute or observed behavior.
Landing page builder
Communicate special offers, newsletters, micro‐sites with special web pages created
and deployed without assistance from technical team.
Website prospect tracking
See which pages a prospect visits by name of prospect. See path traveled and time
spent on each page. Understand which marketing programs are driving website traffic.
Salesforce.com integration
Work with existing “database of record” by uploading Salesforce.com campaign
lists and pushing back marketing activity for each prospect.
Prospect Profiling
Create custom communications and offers to segments of prospects based on
observed behavior such as website usage or response to earlier campaigns.
Catch early signs of readiness to buy.
Quick‐start Templates
Helps users create new e-mail, web forms, landing pages, etc. using stock or
custom templates that include default components.
Event Center Automated Email Management with Personalized Templates
Send out invites, confirmations, reminders, and follow‐up emails automatically.  
Increase attendance using attractive templates for HTML or text emails.
Plus many more powerful web event features
Services Marketing & analytics analytics expertise expertise
Benefit from the Cisco WebEx eMarketing consulting teams extensive online marketing
experience implementing and managing marketing programs for global leaders
Online event planning and delivery
Get the most from your event with expert guidance from a team with deep marketing
knowledge and experience from thousands of online events
Event marketing best practices
Bt oos your competitive adt van age with proven event bt es practices
Page: 2