===== homepage :: https://digitalbox.com/
--- SIGNALS ---
title: Digitalbox
meta_description: 
og_description: 
og_site_name: 
h1: Digitalbox is a new kind of digital media business. | Digitalbox is a new kind of digital media business. | Digitalbox was created because we believe the publishing model of old is broken. | Our Platform
h2: Graphene
jsonld_org: []
--- TEXT ---
Digitalbox
 
 
 
 
About
 
Platform
 
Brands
 
Expansion
 
Contact
 
 
 
 
INVESTORS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitalbox is a new kind of 
digital media business.
 
Digitalbox is a new kind of digital media business.
 
Digitalbox is a pure play digital media company with a pedigree in emerging publishing technologies.
 
We are 100% digital and mobile focused.
 
Entertainment Daily’s
 mix of TV and celebrity news delivers millions of UK users every month. 
The Daily Mash
 is the UK’s leading satirical news site with an army of loyal readers and a growing paid subscriber base. 
The Tab
 is the UK’s largest student and youth culture site. 
The Poke
 brings its readers an irresistible daily digest of the funniest content from around the web. 
TV Guide.co.uk
 is the UK’s favourite 100% dedicated TV listings brand. 
Emmerdale Insider
 is the ultimate information source for fans of the legendary ITV soap.
 
Our strategy is to acquire, transform and grow digital properties with potential.
-->
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitalbox was created because
 
we believe the publishing
 model of old is broken.
 
 
 
We believe the future of media is mobile and businesses free of legacy issues will flourish.
 
 
 
 We’ve come a long way in a short period of time, but the journey has
 only just begun.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We optimise for mobile at every step 
 
using our tech stack
 
to deliver market-leading performance.
 
 
 
 
 
 
We track social trends to create
 
compelling content that attracts
 
and engages high-quality audiences.
 
 
 
 
 
 
We create solutions for advertisers 
 
to instantly access these audiences
 
 in the most effective ways.
 
 
 
 
 
Our Platform
 
 
 
 
 
 
Graphene
 
Named after the incredibly fast, light, super-conductive material, Graphene has been shaped to deliver the best user experience through the fastest and lightest page load speeds on mobile. Our Graphene Ad Stack (G.A.S.) enables us to on-board new partners to our sites quickly and reduces friction, driving optimal commercial performance.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Brands
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Entertainment Daily team are committed to
 
producing the best UK entertainment news
 
content on the web – covering all the latest TV shows, soaps
 and celebrity gossip in a unique and engaging voice.
 
 
 
Targeting a 30+, majority female (90%) demographic,
 
Entertainment Daily is a one-stop destination for
 
everything from the biggest TV moments, the latest soap spoilers
 to the celebrity stories everyone’s talking about.
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Tab was founded by three students at Cambridge in 2009 as a reaction to out-of-touch student papers. Since then it has exploded into one of the biggest youth media sites in Britain.
 
 
Every day our London editorial team and our nationwide army of student reporters deliver an unmatched mix of youth culture, breaking news and opinion.
 
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Daily Mash is the UK’s leading satirical website. Established in 2007, it quickly established a loyal readership thanks to its unique take on news, politics, sport, arts & entertainment, lifestyle issues and more. 
 
80% of the brand’s 25-44 year-old audience live in the UK with a roughly even male/female split. Readers can subscribe to Mash Premium for an ad-free experience with exclusive subscriber content. 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Since 2010 The Poke has provided an antidote to the daily grind, delivering fast-turnaround topical distractions, hand-picking the funniest stuff on the web. Time well wasted.
 
Greg James told his listeners “The Poke is one of the funniest, most retweeted accounts on Twitter” and former Deputy PM John Prescott reckons a retweet by The Poke is better than a peerage.
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TVGuide.co.uk is the UK’s favourite 100%
 dedicated TV listings brand, providing its
 users with detailed episode guides, video
 previews, ratings and recommendations of
 everything worth watching on more than
 300 channels. It’s the destination of choice
 for UK TV addicts.
 
 
TV Guide’s audience is 57/43 male/female
split with 25-54 year-olds the core age
demographic.
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Launched in August 2024, Emmerdale Insider is the ultimate information source for fans of the legendary ITV soap
 
Every day our team uses their unrivalled expertise and encyclopaedic knowledge of the goings-on at the Woolpack and Home Farm to unpack the latest spoilers, dissect storylines and scrutinise fan theories in more detail than anyone else. 
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Royal Insider delivers trustworthy breaking news, the freshest and most beautiful images, and opinion pieces from voices that know and understand the British royal family best. 
 
 
Dedicated entirely to the much-loved monarchy, Royal Insider is a one-stop information and entertainment destination for fans wanting to dive further into the lives of King Charles and his cohort.
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Reality Shrine brings the boldest, juiciest, and most original coverage to Reality TV mega-fans. Our editorial team is a tight-knit group of fanatics who live, sleep, and breathe US Reality TV.
 
Whether it’s breaking news, breakups, makeups, or shady drama, we bring plenty of voice and go deeper than mainstream media dares to. 
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Introduced in July 2025, and sister site to Emmerdale Insider, EastEnders Insider is the must-read companion for avid viewers of the BBC stalwart. 
 
 
Every day, fans get the freshest spoilers, best plot theories and deliciously nostalgic long reads delivered to their dog'n'bone by our team of specialist soap writers.
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The team at the Entertainment Daily Group was buzzin' to add Coronation Street to its Insider brand of websites in October 2025, completing the 'Holy Trinity' of Britain's biggest soaps, alongside Emmerdale and EastEnders.
 
Coronation Street Insider delivers the latest spoilers, news and tantalising fan theories to its followers every day.
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Film Shrine is a voice-driven entertainment site for Gen Z and millennial audiences who are deeply obsessed with film and TV. From major releases to cult favourites and streaming hits, we cover what people are really watching and talking about.
 
 
Our editorial team goes beyond the screen, diving into the reactions, memes, controversies and discourse surrounding every release. No gatekeeping, no snobbery - just sharp takes and original reporting on the conversations shaping film and TV right now.
 
 
 
 
VISIT THE SITE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At Digitalbox we understand how to engage audiences, creating effective, brand-safe environments for some of the world’s biggest advertisers.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expansion
 
We are an acquisitive business looking to grow in partnership with great talent.
 
If you are the owner of a website and sense your ambitions could be realised through a
 relationship with Digitalbox, we would love to hear from you.
 
We are interested in hearing from sites with highly engaged audiences that experience high levels of visit frequency.
 
 
 
 
 
Contact Us
 
 
Digitalbox’s publishing operations are headquartered in Bath. We’d love to hear from you.
 
Just get in touch.
 
 
 
 
[email protected]
 
Digitalbox. 2nd & 3rd Floors, Northgate House, Bath, BA1 1RG
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© 2026 Digitalbox PLC. All rights reserved
 
Digitalbox PLC.
 Jubilee House, 92 Lincoln Road, Peterborough, PE1 2SN, United Kingdom. Co Reg No. 04606754. Group VAT No. 290606404.
 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Cookie Policy
 | 
Consent Settings