===== homepage :: https://www.duda.com/
--- SIGNALS ---
title: DUDA – A diversified land company engaged in a variety of agriculture and real estate operations across the U.S., headquartered in Oviedo, Florida.
meta_description: 
og_description: 
og_site_name: 
h1: A Century in the Making. | Growth Through Faith. | A Century of Growth, Rooted in Family. | Your Future Starts Here.
h2: A Positive Place to Build a Career | Values That Stand the Test of Time | A Diverse Approach to Business | What People Say About Us, Says a Lot About Us. | Email Newsletter
jsonld_org: []
--- TEXT ---
DUDA – A diversified land company engaged in a variety of agriculture and real estate operations across the U.S., headquartered in Oviedo, Florida.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Skip to main content
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
×
 
 
 
Home
About 
About Us
Our Legacy
Our Values
Our Team
Family of Companies 
Our Companies
Agriculture
Duda Farm Fresh Foods
Duda Ranches
Duda Sod
Community Development
The Viera Company
Viera Builders
Viera Pools & Outdoor Living
Duran Golf Club
Viera Commercial Properties
Addison Village Club
DUDA Commercial Properties
Contact
Careers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Century in the Making.
For 100 years, we’ve cultivated opportunity across land, food, and community — with an eye always on what’s next.
 
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Growth Through Faith.
At DUDA, in everything we do, we’re guided by a philosophy deeply rooted in strong Christian values.
 
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Century of Growth,
Rooted in Family.
For over 100 years, DUDA has blended heritage and innovation—preserving what matters while shaping a sustainable future.
 
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Your Future Starts Here.
Join a company where your talents shape the next chapter of a century-old success story—built by people like you.
 
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Story
 
 
A century of sustained growth and shared blessings
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
Work with Us
 
 
You’ll be amazed how much we can grow together.
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Values
 
 
Faith, integrity, community, sustainability. That’s the DUDA way.
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Careers at DUDA
 
A Positive Place to Build a Career
 
 
 
 
 
It’s a powerful, rewarding thing to have faith in the company you work for, especially when that company’s entire foundation – and everything it does – is based on faith. 
 
 View Careers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Us
 
Values That Stand the Test of Time
 
For nearly 100 years we’ve been following the successful business blueprint established by our visionary founder, Andrew Duda. Now in its fourth and fifth generation of family leadership, our company and its purpose, philosophy and commitment are stronger than ever. 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Family Of Companies
 
A Diverse Approach to Business
A willingness to embrace new opportunities, while remaining adaptable enough to act on them, allows DUDA to grow in a variety of ways.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What People Say About Us, Says a Lot About Us.
 
 
 
 
 
 
“I love facing the different challenges and opportunities this job brings. However, the best part of my job is working with an incredible team of the best in the industry.”
 
employee
 
Yuma, AZ
 
 
 
 
 
“DUDA has been a great company to work for, providing a God-first environment and security for my family.”
 
employee
 
Lake Placid, FL
 
 
 
 
 
“The one thing that attracted me to stay at DUDA for nearly 25 years was the opportunity to grow. I was able to learn so many new things and work in many different areas as well.”
 
employee
 
Oxnard, CA
 
 
 
 
 
“DUDA is a family company operated with moral and Christian values! It was a blessing and privilege to be able to work with the Duda family and fellow employees throughout the DUDA organization.”
 
employee
 
Salinas, CA
 
 
 
 
 
“I was attracted to DUDA because of the incredible benefits offered to employees, as well as the job security DUDA provided. I stayed because of the respect I was given when spoken to.”
 
employee
 
LaBelle, FL
 
 
 
 
 
“What I love most about my job is the people, teamwork, and camaraderie involved in our successes. It is a very special situation when you love going to work every day and enjoy the people you work with.”
 
employee
 
Cocoa, FL
 
 
 
 
 
“I would never have guessed I would have spent half my life with one company. It’s the people I have worked and currently work with that have made the years seem to fly by. Having the opportunity for a front row seat throughout the years to witness the growth and development of Viera has been something to behold. I’m grateful to work for such a diverse company.”
 
employee
 
Viera, FL
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact Us
3000 Dovera Drive
Oviedo, FL 32765
407-365-2111
dudainfo@duda.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
Explore
 
About
Family of Companies
Careers
Contact
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email Newsletter
 
Keep me up to date with content, updates, and more from DUDA.
 
 
Email
(Required)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Privacy Policy
 
 
 
© 2026 DUDA. All Rights Reserved.