https://mmaglobal.com/sponsors/followanalytics

Skip to main content
Member Login
Subscribe

Marketing + Media Alliance
Come for the alliance. Stay for the momentum.
Who We Are
What We Do
How to Engage
MoreMMA resources
Join the Alliance
Home
FollowAnalytics
FollowAnalytics
FollowAnalytics is leading the next generation of enterprise Mobile-first marketing. Working with more than 25 global industry leaders we provide a 1:1 Mobile Marketing Platform for enterprises to grow their business using mobile. The Platform is an integrated suite, connected to leading CRM systems such as Salesforce and SAP, using the industry’s most powerful engagement engine to deliver the richest, most personalized and relevant mobile customer interactions. Our mission is to power the Mobile Moments that increase loyalty and revenue in a Mobile-first world. In 2 minutes learn how your customers are engaging with your brand across mobile App ecosystem at mobilemarketingscorecard.com.


www.mobilemarketingscorecard.com
Get News from the Alliance
Subscribe, listen, read & share today. Get our best content delivered to your inbox. Reduce the white noise but keep up to date on the latest in Marketing transformation.

Email Address *
Email Address*
First Name
First Name
Last Name
Last Name
Sign up for MMA news
Also subscribe me to MMA newsletter for Modern Marketing
Sign up for AI in Marketing Newsletter
Also subscribe me to receive MMA’s AI in Marketing Newsletter
Sign up for MMA DATT Newsletter
Also subscribe me to MMA’s DATT Newsletter, containing the latest news on customer data, marketing analytics and privacy in marketing
Who We Are
About MMA
Board of Directors
Members
MMA Leadership
Global Presence
What We Do
Measurement
Marketing Org
Data & CX
AI Leadership
SMARTIES
How to Engage
Events
Must-Attend Events for CMOs
Member Center
Webinars
MoreMMA resources
Member Portal
Knowledge Center
Media & Press
Think Tanks
About Us
Join the Alliance
The Marketing + Media Alliance (MMA) is the only trade association that unites the entire marketing ecosystem—CMOs, MarTech, AdTech, media, and marketer-supported companies—working collaboratively to architect the future of marketing while delivering growth today. Led by CMOs, the Alliance drives marketing change by tackling unanswered questions and challenging entrenched assumptions. We are unapologetically committed to science and inquiry, knowing that transformative impact only comes from constructively disrupting the status quo. Through peer-driven collaboration, the Alliance helps members aggressively adopt proven, science-backed practices. Each year, MMA Global invests millions in breakthrough research to deliver unassailable truths, actionable insights, and practical tools. By enlightening, empowering, and enabling marketers, we shape the future of marketing and propel business growth.

Home

Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 2003–2026 MMA Global, Inc. All rights reserved.
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.  
