===== homepage :: https://www.gosquared.com:443/
--- SIGNALS ---
title: The original real-time website analytics – GoSquared
meta_description: 
og_description: 
og_site_name: 
h1: Website analytics that actually make sense. | Something doesn't look right…
h2: Real numbers. Beautiful dashboards. No PhD required.Goodbye GA4. Say hello to the alternative that's more accurate, private, and intuitive.Start for FreeEasy setup. Free for 7 days. Cancel any time. Live Demo | Trusted by thousands of businesses. | How it works | Web analytics without | Web analytics without the confusion. | Web analytics without the privacy trade-off. | Web analytics without the waiting. | 100+ reasons to switch. | Thousands of happy customers. | See your numbers in minutes.
jsonld_org: []
--- TEXT ---
The original real-time website analytics – GoSquared
 
 
 
You are using an 
outdated
 browser. Please 
upgrade your browser
 or 
activate Google Chrome Frame
 to improve your experience.
 
GoSquared
Features
Pricing
About
Blog
Support
Sign In
Start Free
My Account
Sign In
My Account
 
🎂 20 years
 Celebrating 20 years of building beautiful software. 
→
Website analytics that actually make sense.
Real numbers. Beautiful dashboards. No PhD required.
Goodbye GA4. Say hello to the alternative that's more accurate, private, and intuitive.
Start for Free
Easy setup. Free for 7 days. Cancel any time.
 
Live Demo
Trusted by thousands of businesses.
Teams who got tired of guessing, and switched to numbers they can trust.
 
How it works
Ten minutes. No jargon. Our CEO walks you through the product.
Web analytics
 without
Web analytics
 without
 the confusion.
The numbers you need, the moment you need them. No configuration hell. No "where did that report go?"—just dashboards that look good and tell you the truth.
Beautiful by design
We care what it looks like. Clean, original interfaces that your whole team will actually want to use.
Works out of the box
Drop in the snippet. Your dashboards light up. No wizards, no goals to configure. Just accurate data from day one.
Real support, real people
Stuck? Message us. We're a UK company with a real team. We've helped thousands get the most from their analytics.
 
 
Web analytics
 without
 the privacy trade-off.
O
t
h
e
r
 Analytics Tools
Some tools vacuum up your visitors' data and use it for more than your insights. You're not the customer — you're the product.
GoSquared
We're independent. We don't sell ads. Your data stays yours — anonymised by default, used only to give you accurate numbers.
 
 
 
 
We've been doing this since 2006. We're UK-based, profitable, and independent. We make money selling our software, not from selling data.
We don’t sell ads
You pay for analytics. We give you accurate numbers. No data reselling, no ad networks, no surprises.
Fully GDPR compliant
We're based in the UK and take privacy seriously. 
Third-party certified
 — so you don't have to take our word for it.
Transparent about what we collect
No fine print. We're clear about 
exactly what GoSquared collects
 — and what we do with it.
As soon as I found GoSquared, and saw it was a 3 second job to set up, it was a no brainer.
— 
Ben Powell, founder of Bettercast
Start Free
Easy setup. Free for 7 days. Cancel any time.
Web analytics
 without
 the waiting.
O
t
h
e
r
 Analytics Tools
Hourly updates. Run a report and wait. Sound familiar?
GoSquared
Built for real-time from day one. Your numbers update as they happen — no refresh, no delay, no guessing.
 
Stale data leads to bad decisions. GoSquared is built for real-time, so the numbers you see are the numbers that are happening.
Real-time, not "soon"
Every metric updates as it happens. No batch jobs. No "data may be delayed." Just accurate, live numbers.
Install in minutes
Plugins for every major platform. Clear docs. You don't need a dev team or a week. Just add the snippet and go.
Daily email reports
Wake up to your key metrics in your inbox. Top traffic, best content, key referrers. It's the one email you'll actually open.
100+ reasons to switch.
Everything you need
 to understand your site. Accurate, easy-to-use, and built to look good. No bloat. No learning curve.
See All Analytics Features →
Your site won't slow down
The lightest snippet in the industry. GoSquared loads fast so your visitors get a fast site and you get accurate numbers.
Add unlimited team mates
We don't charge by the seat. Grow your team, stay in the loop. Everyone is invited to the party.
There's a powerful API
Everything in your dashboard is available in real-time via our 
fully documented REST API
. Build what you need.
Integrations with the tools you use
Wordpress
, 
Webflow
, 
Squarespace
, 
Slack
, 
Segment
, 
Zapier
, and more. Easy to plug in, easy to use.
In business since 2006
We've been around since before the iPhone. Passionate, independent, and UK-based. We're not going anywhere.
Award-winning customer service
Real support from real people. We're a UK-based company — when you need help, we're here.
Thousands of happy customers.
Teams who switched to the analytics tool that makes sense. Accurate, independent, and actually enjoyable to use.
See your numbers in minutes.
Accurate, real-time analytics. Beautiful dashboards. No PhD required.
Start Free
Easy setup. Free for 7 days. Cancel any time.
The original real-time website analytics.
Proudly made 
in London
 remotely.
© 2006–2026 Go Squared Ltd.
Features
Features Overview
Accuracy
Latest Updates
Integrations
Labs
Resources
Support
API Docs
Analytics Glossary
Free Resources
LDNSaaS Events
Podcast
System Status
Other Products
EcoSend
Company
About Us
Blog
Careers
Legal
Contact Us
 
Something doesn't look right…
Your browser is blocking parts of the GoSquared website from loading.
Try disabling any extensions that may be causing this issue, such as your content or ad blocker.
Still experiencing issues? Get in touch with us via email: 
support@gosquared.com
.