https://www.hpe.com/emea_europe/en/home.html


Search

Demos and trials





































HPE Networking
Self-driving networks are here
HPE Marvis boosts productivity and reduces downtime with autonomous, experience-first capacity optimization.

Watch Marvis in action
Learn more about HPE Networking


News and insights
HPE Living Progress Report: AI growth raises the stakes for efficient, secure, responsible infrastructure.
HPE Living Progress Report: AI growth raises the stakes for efficient, secure, responsible infrastructure
View the press release
HPE delivers unified agentic IT operations with GreenLake and HPE Morpheus Software.
HPE delivers unified agentic IT operations with GreenLake and HPE Morpheus Software
View the press release
HPE expands self-driving networks across edge, campus, data center, and AI factories.
HPE expands self-driving networks across edge, campus, data center, and AI factories
View the press release
HPE brings agentic AI into production with NVIDIA, delivering security, governance, scale, and sovereignty.
HPE brings agentic AI into production with NVIDIA, delivering security, governance, scale, and sovereignty
View the press release
HPE advances quantum computing at scale with expanded industry collaborations.
HPE advances quantum computing at scale with expanded industry collaborations
View the press release



Explore more news
Architect your agentic enterprise
The next generation of enterprise architecture is intelligent and adaptive—accelerating operations, anticipating issues, and simplifying complexity.

Self-driving networks.
Build next-gen networks that adapt, optimize and resolve issues proactively to keep operations running smoothly.

Explore networking solutions
Intelligence everywhere.
Extend AI-driven operations across edge, campus, data center and AI factory environments with a unified hybrid cloud foundation.

Explore hybrid cloud solutions
Trusted AI execution.
Deploy AI with confidence through validated architectures. Agentic AIOps, and enterprise-grade expertise that help accelerate outcomes and reduce risk.

Explore AI solutions
Watch the Discover keynote replay
Unlock what's next.
Create the foundation for what comes next—where data flows, systems adapt, and intelligence moves seamlessly from edge to cloud.

See what's possible
Built for impact. Proven at scale.
How leading enterprises are transforming operations with AI—delivering measurable results across their business.


Inter Miami CF.
Inter Miami CF
Pushes the boundaries of fan experiences by architecting a foundation for interaction, connection, and entertainment—all built on HPE Networking.

Read the case study

Siemens Energy.
Siemens Energy
Applies AI to solve the energy and engineering challenges of tomorrow with the full HPE stack across edge, compute, cloud, storage, and networking.

View the video

Vultr.
Vultr
Leverages HPE Networking to build an open and massive AI cloud for enterprise that scales globally in real time without bottlenecks.

View the video
See all customer stories
Inside the AI era.
Go deeper into the ideas shaping the AI era. Stream keynote sessions, customer stories, and technical deep dives from HPE Discover.

Step inside Discover
Explore the HPE portfolio
Supercomputing.
Supercomputing
Empower world-changing innovation and discovery in the Exascale era and beyond, with faster time-to-results and accelerated AI with supercomputing products.

Explore HPE Supercomputing
Software.
Software
One unified control plane for AI and enterprise workloads, wherever they run.

Explore HPE Software
Networking.
Networking
Capture, secure and transport data to users and applications from edge to cloud with HPE Networking products.

Explore HPE Networking
Compute.
Compute
Accelerate innovation from edge to cloud with workload-optimized compute for today's data-first, hybrid world.

Explore HPE Compute
Storage.
Storage
Store, protect, and manage data across distributed environments.

Explore HPE Storage
Services.
Services
Plan, implement, and optimize your environment with end-to-end services.

Explore HPE Services

How to buy
Product support
Email sales
Chat with sales
Follow HPE on
Animation & motion
Off

On
Company
About HPE
Accessibility
Careers
Corporate responsibility
HPE Labs
HPE Modern Slavery Transparency Statement (PDF)
Investor relations
Leadership
Public policy
Support
Operational support services
Product return and recycling
Product support
Software and drivers
Warranty check
Events and news
Events
HPE Discover
Local events
Newsroom
Customer resources
Contact Us
Digital Trust Center
Education and training
Email signup
Enterprise glossary
Financial services
HPE communities
HPE customer centers
HPE sign in
Voice of the Customer signup
Partners
Certifications
Find a partner
Partner programs
© Copyright 2026 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP
Privacy  Terms of Use  Ad Choices & Cookies  Sitemap
European regional site (en)
