===== homepage :: https://www.zoho.com/
--- SIGNALS ---
title: Zoho | Cloud Software Suite for Businesses
meta_description: A unique and powerful software suite trusted by millions of businesses worldwide. Zoho covers your end-to-end business needs, from sales and marketing to finance, HR, and beyond.
og_description: A unique and powerful software suite trusted by millions of businesses worldwide. Zoho covers your end-to-end business needs, from sales and marketing to finance, HR, and beyond.
og_site_name: Zoho
h1: Your life's work, powered by our life's work
h2: IntroducingZia Agent Studio | Featured apps | Zoho One | BRANDS THAT TRUST US | Built with patience. Guided by purpose. | Zoho keeps your business moving forward. | Zoho for Enterprise | The core values and principles that drive us | Made in India.Made for the World. | Business Software.Our Craft. Our Passion. | Strengthening our commitment to the UAE | Ready to do your best work?
jsonld_org: [{"@type": "Organization", "name": "Zoho Corporation", "description": "Zoho Corporation offers web-based business apps, network and IT infrastructure management applications", "url": "https://www.zohocorp.com", "founder": {"@type": "Person", "name": "Sridhar Vembu"}, "sameAs": ["https://www.linkedin.com/company/zohocorp/", "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoho_Corporation"]}]
--- TEXT ---
Zoho | Cloud Software Suite for Businesses
 
 
 
Your life's work,
 powered by our life's work
A unique and powerful software suite to transform the way you work. 
Designed for businesses of all sizes, built by a company that 
 values your privacy
.
Get Started For Free
Introducing
Zia Agent Studio
Build autonomous agents that can qualify leads, resolve tickets, draft emails, and more.
Explore Zia Agents
Featured apps
Explore all products
 
CRM
Manage your sales, marketing, and support in one CRM platform
 
Mail
Simple, secure, and ad-free business email for your organization
 
Creator
Build custom apps for your unique business needs
 
Books
Simple accounting software to manage your finances
 
Desk
Customer service software for your support team
 
Bigin
Pipeline-centric CRM for small businesses
Explore all products
All-in-one suite
Zoho One
The operating system for business
 Run your entire business on Zoho—our unified platform with 50+ applications for all your operational needs.
The operating system for business
 Run your entire business on Zoho—our unified platform for all your operational needs. Get access to 50+ applications, starting at 
/user/month.
TRY ZOHO ONE
 "You can be a startup, mid-sized company, or an enterprise—Zoho One is a boon for all."
Prakarsh Gagdani
CEO, 5paisa.com (an IIFL subsidiary)
BRANDS THAT TRUST US
CUSTOMER STORIES
Built with patience. Guided by purpose.
We've spent years building business software with focus and intent.
READ THE STORY
Zoho keeps your business moving forward.
EXPLORE VIDEO STORIES
Zoho for Enterprise
Discover the ecosystem we’ve built for large-scale transformation. Explore Zoho’s platform capabilities, professional services, and infrastructure.
Learn more
 “We are proud that Zoho developed a world-class, highly secured and local ‘no code-no source’ platform like SKYLine for the Indian customers, underlining the unmatched prowess of Indian technological innovation, having international adaptability.”
Santosh Iyer,
Managing Director & CEO,
 Mercedes-Benz India
READ THE STORY
The core values and principles that drive us
Long-term commitment
30
+ years of running a profitable organization gives us a good sense of challenges that a growing business faces. We take pride in running a sustainable business that’s powered by you, our customer.
Customer-first philosophy
In all these years, it’s our customers’ trust and goodwill that has helped us establish a strong position in the market. No matter the size of your business, we’re here to help you grow.
Privacy and security as a priority
We do not own or sell your data, and we most certainly do not bank on advertising-based business models. The only way we make money is from the software license fees you pay us.
Focus on research and development
Software is our craft and we back it up with our relentless investments in R&D. So much so that we prefer to own the entire technology stack, including running our data centers globally.
Read our story
Made in India.
Made for the World.
Business Software.
Our Craft. Our Passion.
130
M+
Users Globally
 
150
+
Countries Served
 
55
+
Products
 
29
+
Years in Business
 
18
K+
Employees Worldwide
More about zoho
Strengthening our commitment to the UAE
"Our growth in the UAE reflects the growing confidence of local businesses in Zoho's solutions. These new data centres will further strengthen our ability to support customers with secure, high-performance cloud services and contribute meaningfully to the UAE's digital economy."
Read More
Hyther Nizam
President, Zoho Middle East & Africa
Ready to do your best work?
Let's get you started.
Sign Up Now

===== product :: https://www.zoho.com/all-products.html?src=zindex
--- SIGNALS ---
title: Explore All Products | Zoho
meta_description: Whether it's an individual application, integrated bundles, or the unified software suite with 45+ apps—here’s everything you and your team need to put your best work forward.
og_description: Whether it's an individual application, integrated bundles, or the unified software suite with 45+ apps—here’s everything you and your team need to put your best work forward.
og_site_name: Zoho
h1: All the software you need to run your business
h2: Zoho One | Mobile Apps | Desktop Apps | Browser Extensions | Looking to replace your current software?
jsonld_org: []
--- TEXT ---
Explore All Products | Zoho
 
 
 
All the software you need to run your business
Take your pick—we've got you covered.
Recently viewed Products
No results found.
Looking for something in particular? 
Connect with us
—we'd love to help!
 Or, choose from over 
55
+ different business applications
Sales
 Featured Apps
Apps
 Suites
 Marketplace
 Mobile Apps
 Desktop Apps
 Browser Extensions
 Compare Alternatives
Featured Apps
Sales
 Help your sales team be more productive with tools they’d love.
Marketing
 Engage with prospects using multi-channel marketing tools that help you personalize experiences at scale.
Commerce and POS
 Build an online store, strengthen your retail and ecommerce operations, and sell better.
Service
 Empower your customer and field service teams to deliver happiness and win trust.
Finance
 Keep a tab on your expenses and manage your back office operations smoothly.
Education
 Education solutions for teaching, learning, and administration.
ERP
 Modern ERP for managing financials, supply chain, and more, with contextual intelligence.
Email, Storage, and Collaboration
 Create, collaborate, and communicate with your teams and customers.
Human Resources
 Hire new employees, run training sessions, and manage all HR operations with ease.
Legal
 Streamline contract processes, mitigate risks, and improve your legal operations' efficiency.
Security and IT Management
 Manage IT assets using ready tools or create a custom application to suit your needs.
 BI and Analytics
 Bring data to life with appealing visuals and insightful dashboards.
Project Management
 Choose a project management style that suits your business the best.
Developer Platforms
 Automate business processes, manage custom workflows, and build apps with a choice of no, low, and pro-code tools.
IoT
 Bridge data, devices, and decisions with seamless IoT integrations and automations.
Suites
 The perfect combination of apps to help you with every aspect of your business.
All-in-one suite
Zoho One
The operating system for business
 Run your entire business on Zoho with our unified cloud software, designed to help you break down silos between departments and increase organizational efficiency.
Try zoho one
 With over 2000 ready-to-use extensions across 40+ categories, connect your favorite business tools with the Zoho products you already use.
EXPLORE MARKETPLACE
Mobile Apps
 Stepping away from your computer? No problem. Stay focused on your customers, manage your business, and connect on the go. Whenever, wherever.
Explore All
Desktop Apps
 With faster access and enhanced security, transform your day-to-day business operations efficiently, right from your desktop.
Explore All
Browser Extensions
 Work smarter and faster—right from your browser; with ready-to-use browser extensions for your favorite Zoho apps.
Explore All
 Looking to replace your current software?
 Discover Zoho alternatives to your apps. Explore the most popular comparisons and learn what sets us apart.
Explore All Alternatives
Looking to try more Zoho apps?
Explore using wallet credits